In this blog, I will train a very basic Machine Learning model using TensorFlow and Keras then we will develop an android application for that trained model.
We will use Anaconda to train our machine learning model then we will convert this model into a tflite format. After that, we will develop an Android Application using Android studio in java. So at the end of this, you will have your very own machine learning-based Android Application.

Because wireless network products use radio waves for the "physical" transmission medium, you need to consider other devices that produce radio waves in the same spectrum that IEEE 802.11b devices use. For example, the most common device, which is present in the home, many offices, and many public places, is the microwave oven. Yes, these devices use radio waves to heat your food, and they have a metal grating surrounding them that is supposed to prevent microwave transmission from emanating outside the box. However, if that were true you wouldn't see those warnings saying you shouldn't be close to one if you have a pacemaker and there wouldn't be a market for inexpensive devices you can purchase to measure leakage from a microwave oven. Microwave ovens do leak microwave signals and these can interfere with IEEE 802.11 devices.

The good news is that microwave ovens aren't typically operating continuously. However, you still should consider them a source of interference that can dramatically slow wireless communications. Another source of interruption to wireless networks operating in the 2.4GHz radio spectrum is other consumer devices, such as 2.4GHz portable telephones, as well as camera devices that can be used to transmit video back to your PC. Consider this when deciding whether to use a wireless network that uses the same radio spectrum. Note that the newer 5.8GHz wireless telephones will not interfere with 802.11b, 802.11g, and Bluetooth devices because these operate in the 2.4GHz frequency band.
802.11b/g Channels

Although 802.11b and 802.11g use the 2.4GHz frequency band for signaling, the frequency is divided up into 11 channels for use in US and Canada (some countries allow as many as 14 channels). Table 1 shows the channel frequencies supported in the US and Canada. The effective width of each signal is about 11MHz either side of the nominal frequency.
When I was 15, my parents did not allow me to use AOL Instant Messenger. All of my friends used it, so I had to find a way around this rule. I would be found out if I installed the software on my computer, so I used the web browser version instead. Savvy enough to delete my internet history every time, I thought my chatting was secret.

Then one day my mother confronted me with all the times I had gone on Instant Messenger in the past week. Whenever I visited the site, it had left a trail of cookies behind. Intended to make my user experience more convenient, cookies saved my login information for repeat visits. Unfortunately, the cookies made my life less convenient: My mother knew how to inspect them to determine when I had been illicitly instant messaging.

Since then, I have been very interested in protecting user privacy. I studied computer science in college and ended up pursuing a career in the field. I became fascinated with programming languages, the construction materials for the information age. Languages shape how programmers think about software, and how they construct it, by making certain tasks easier and others harder. For instance, some languages allow rapid website prototyping, but don’t handle large amounts of traffic very well.

Regarding my main interest, I discovered that many of today’s most common languages make it difficult for programmers to protect users’ privacy and security. It’s bad enough that this state of affairs means programmers have lots of opportunities to make privacy-violating errors. Even worse, it means we users have trouble understanding what computer programs are doing with our information – even as we increasingly rely on them in our daily lives.\
sand. Like this: See",Jellyfish shoes pg32/903_right.png,10
"‘Look, Scott,’ Laura called to her brother. ‘My new jelly shoes are leaving stars in the sand.’ Squidge. Laura trod in something slippery. She lifted up her shoe. ‘Ughhh?’ she said. ‘What's that mess?’ ‘IU only a jellyfish,’ said Scott. ‘The sea washes them up on the",Jellyfish shoes pg32/904_left.png,10
"‘Well, I don't like it,’ said Laura. ‘It looks like a jelly cow-pat.’ Slosh. The sea washed up some more jellyfish. Pink ones this time. They spread out in pink puddles on the sand. “Watch out,’ said Scott. ‘Jellyfish can give you a nasty sting.”",Jellyfish shoes pg32/904_right.png,10
"“Yuk? cried Laura, ‘There are loads of them! And, phew, what a pong! I hate them. They'll spoil my new jelly shoes!’ Scott looked at the jellyfish on the sand, He looked at Laura’s new shoes. An idea popped into his head.",Jellyfish shoes pg32/905_left.png,10
"I don't know why you hate jellyfish,” said Scott. ‘What do you think your new shoes are made of?” Laura looked down at her shoes. They were see-through and pink. The jellyfish on the beach were see-through and pink too. ‘Don't be silly,’ she told Scott. But her voice was shaky.",Jellyfish shoes pg32/905_right.png,10
"‘I thought you knew,’ said Scott. ‘Don’t you know what happens to all these washed-up jellyfish?"" Laura shook her head. I’ll tell you what happens,’ said Scott, who was good at stories. ‘The jelly workers come round. They come round at I night with bin bags. And they shovel all the jellyfish into the bags. And they take them away to the Jelly Shoe Factory.’",Jellyfish shoes pg32/906_left.png,10
"He went on, ‘And they make them into shoes. Just like the ones you've got on. I thought everyone knew that!’ Laura looked down at her new shoes ‘I don’t think I like my new shoes any more,’ she said. Then she tore them off. “Yuk!” she said. ‘I don’t want pongy jellyfish shoes that sting me!’",Jellyfish shoes pg32/906_right.png,10
"They didn’t sink. Jellyfish shoes don't. She threw them into the sea. They just bobbed about on the waves. And washed further and further away from the shore. ‘Good riddance!’ shouted Laura, waving them goodbye. Then she tiptoed back to the house in her bare feet.",Jellyfish shoes pg32/907_left.png,10
"That night Laura dreamed about the jellyfish workers. She dreamed they crept along the beach with bin bags in their hands. They bent down and shovelled up jellyfish. Soon they had whole shivering sackfuls of them. Flies were buzzing all around them,",Jellyfish shoes pg32/907_right.png,10
"‘Oh no!’ cried Laura, waking up. “The jelly workers are coming!” But it was all right. She was safe in her own bed. ‘It was just a bad dream,” she told herself. Yet down on the dark beach, something was moving. Something was bobbing about on the waves.",Jellyfish shoes pg32/908_left.png,10
"It was Laura's jellyfish shoes. They were coming back home. Gently, they washed in on the wave tops until at last a big wave washed ‘them up on the sand. Neatly side by side. ‘What a bit of good luck!’ said Mum ‘the next morning. ‘Guess what I just found on the beach?’ ‘Don’t know,’ said Laura,",Jellyfish shoes pg32/908_right.png,10
"Mum held up the jellyfish shoes. ‘These! I bet you didn’t even know you'd lost them.’ Mum tipped up one of the shoes. A winkle fell out of the toe. ‘Here you are,’ she said, handing the shoes to Laura. ‘You can put them back",Jellyfish shoes pg32/909_left.png,10
"I don't want them. I don’t want smelly shoes that make flies buzz all around me! Why did you do it, Mum? Why did you buy me shoes made of jellyfish?” And Laura rushed out of the door. Mum shook her head, puzzled. ‘Shoes made of jellyfish?’ she said. ‘What's she talking about? Do you know, Scott?’ ‘Don't ask me,’ said Scott. But he looked a bit guilty.",Jellyfish shoes pg32/910_left.png,10
"Laura rushed down to the beach without her jellyfish shoes. Scott came running after her. He had the shoes in his hand. “Mum says you've got to put them on.’ ‘No! I'm never wearing those horrible shoes again! Not ever!’ ‘Look,’ began Scott. ‘There's something I’ve got to tell you. What I said yesterday, about the Jelly Shoe Factory -'",Jellyfish shoes pg32/910_right.png,10
"But he didn't get time to finish. ‘What's that?’ said Laura, “What's that in the sea?’ The sea was full of tiny, frilly parachutes. They were pink and ‘ brown and purple. ‘They're beautiful!’ cried Laura. “What are they?’",Jellyfish shoes pg32/911_left.png,10
"‘Well, I'm going to save them,’ said Scott. And he raced back to the house. Laura couldn’t help watching the jellyfish. They sparkled like jewels. But they were getting closer and closer to the beach. Soon they would be dried-up puddles on the sand. And she couldn't help thinking, ‘Poor babies.’",Jellyfish shoes pg32/912_left.png,10
"Just then, Scott came racing back with two buckets. And suddenly Laura changed her mind. I’ll help you to save them,’ said Laura. She grabbed a bucket.",Jellyfish shoes pg32/912_right.png,10
"“We'll tip them into that rock pool,’ said Scott. ‘But we've got to hurry!’ ‘Don’t touch them,’ he warned. ‘Even the babies sting.’ They scooped up the babies in buckets. Then they ran to the rock pool and tipped them in. ‘Hurry!’ cried Scott. ‘The sea’s going out!”",Jellyfish shoes pg32/913_left.png,10
"‘It’s all right,’ said Scott. ‘Look! The tides coming in!” Laura lifted her head. It was true! ‘Hurray!’ she yelled. ‘We've saved them. We saved the jellyfish babies!""",Jellyfish shoes pg32/914_left.png,10
"Scott and Laura went to look in the rock pool. ‘Is like jellyfish soup in there!” said Laura, “But they're safe,’ said Scott. ‘And when the tide comes in, it'll take them out to the deep, deep sea - where they belong.’",Jellyfish shoes pg32/914_right.png,10
"‘I like jellyfish now,’ said Laura. ‘They're beautiful, aren't they? I'm really glad we saved them. And now the jelly workers won't get them, They won't be taken to the Jelly Shoe Factory and made into jellyfish shoes.’ Scott looked very guilty. “I was going to tell you about that,’ he said. ‘There isn’t any Jelly Shoe Factory. There aren’t any jelly workers. They don’t make jelly shoes out of washed-up jellyfish.’",Jellyfish shoes pg32/915_left.png,10
"‘How do you know?’ said Laura. “Because it’s just a story. I made it all up!’ ‘No you didn't!’ said Laura. ‘I did, I did, honest!” said Scott. But Laura didn’t believe him. “Where are my jellyfish shoes anyway?’ she asked Scott.",Jellyfish shoes pg32/915_right.png,10
"Scott looked around. ‘I don’t know. I put them down when I went to get the buckets. They can’t have walked off by themselves..."" Laura looked around too. The beach was empty. Then she saw a line of stars, in the sand. They led right down to the sea. ‘There they are!’ Scott pointed.",Jellyfish shoes pg32/916_left.png,10
Laura saw her jellyfish shoes. They were bobbing about on the waves. They were heading out to sea. Scott waded into the water. ‘I'm going to get them back!’ he said,Jellyfish shoes pg32/916_right.png,10
"The Arctic tern spends almost its whole life flying — it can even eat and sleep while it flies! During its life, the Arctic tern flies three times as far as the moon and back. That's 2.4 million kilometres (km) — 1.5 million miles!",A life in the sky pg24/2310_left.png,10
No one is sure why the birds take this zigzagging route. It might be so that they don’t have to fly into the wind — which makes flying much harder work!,A life in the sky pg24/2312_right.png,10
"When they need food, Arctic terns hover over the water, then zoom down to grab fish or shrimp from the surface of the water. They sometimes eat insects as they fly.",A life in the sky pg24/2313_left.png,10
plunge diving - Sometimes Arctic terns steal fish from other birds. They do this by flying towards them very fast. The other bird is surprised and drops its fish!,A life in the sky pg24/2313_right.png,10
"By the time the Arctic tern reaches the Arctic, it will have flown 25700 km (15.969 miles). It will have been almost constantly in the air for 40 days!",A life in the sky pg24/2314_left.png,10
"The Arctic tern is often called the ‘sea swallow’ Like the swallow, it has long, slender wings and long tail feathers. The tern's wings are about 80cm across.",A life in the sky pg24/2314_right.png,10
"The Arctic tern arrives in Greenland, where the terns gather to mate. Most Arctic terns mate for life. They may be together for as long as 30 years Arctic terns attract a mate by Greenland , showing off their flying skills. Then, the male catches a fish and offers it to the female",A life in the sky pg24/2315_left.png,10
"The terns find a place to have their eggs. The female lays her eggs in a shallow hole in the ground called a scrape. The birds line the scrape with shells, grass or little stones. It takes around 24 days for the eggs to hatch.",A life in the sky pg24/2315_right.png,10
"Once the eggs have hatched the parents feed their babies until they are old enough to fly and feed themselves. With such a long journey in front of them, these baby birds d to grow strong",A life in the sky pg24/2316_right.png,10
People trying to watch or photograph Arctic terns have also been landed on and pecked ~ hard!,A life in the sky pg24/2317_right.png,10
"A few years ago, tiny tracking devices were attached to some Arctic terns. They proved that the Arctic tern flies further than any other migrating bird!",A life in the sky pg24/2318_right.png,10
"The Arctic tern probably spends more time in daylight than any other animal. When the days get shorter in Antarctica, it leaves and heads north: When the days get shorter in the Arctic, it heads south, Maybe it loves the daylight and that is why it spends so much time in the air.",A life in the sky pg24/2319_left.png,10
The Arctic tern travels further than any other bird in the world. Its life is one amazing journey!,A life in the sky pg24/2319_right.png,10
Did you find out how long it takes Arctic tern chicks to learn how to fly? The answer was on page I7.,A life in the sky pg24/2320_right.png,10
"Glyn dropped his nose to the ground and began to sniff the sand. Bryn eyed the beach. He looked up and down the length of the sand. There were a few other people, lounging on rowels, or building sandcastles, or swimming in the sea. None of them was close by. Up near the dunes was a beach cafe. A donkey was giving rides near the surf. Where was the cake thief?","Beach detectives, pg48/2405_right.png",10
"“I saw them!” the crab said. “They did steal the cake. They gulped it right down. They were going to steal the rest of your picnic too, if it hadn’t been for Carys. She charged right in and scared them off. She was braver than all the rest of us beach animals put together!” The seagulls had planned to take everything? Bryn couldn't believe it. How horrid! “Who's Carys?” Glyn asked","Beach detectives, pg48/2414_right.png",10
"Mystery on the Seashore “I’m winning!” Glyn barked in delight as he raced ahead of his boy “Nor for long,” Bryn replied. Sand flew up in the air as they hurtled towards Mum, Dad and Bryn’s little sister Allis. “Careful,” Mum said, “you'll get sand in the sandwiches!” “Or bits on the birthday cake!” Dad added, “What have you two detectives been up to? Have you solved any crimes?”","Beach detectives, pg48/2400_right.png",10
"Bryn knew that Dad was only joking, bur he and Glyn had been hunting for clues on the beach. “We found an old bottle, but it didn’t have a message inside. Glyn found a shoe, but we didn’t find its owner Glyn barked in agreement. Bryn gave him a little wink.","Beach detectives, pg48/2401_left.png",10
"They both collapsed on to the picnic rug Allis squealed as Mum emptied the picnic basket. Mum pulled out biscuits and buns, carrots and sandwiches and, best of all, a birthday cake for Allis! “Four today!” Dad said. He lifted out plastic plates and cups. Allis dived towards the cake. Her hands stretched to grab it","Beach detectives, pg48/2401_right.png",10
"Dad scooped Allis up just before her fingers plunged into the sponge. “How about one last paddle before we eat?” he said. “Yes!” Bryn whooped. Glyn barked. Alis laughed. Mum nodded. “Come on then.” They splished and sploshed in the gentle waves, Glyn bounded through the foam, “Don’t get too sandy,” Bryn warned. “Dad will make you have a bath.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2402_left.png",10
"“No!” Glyn cried. “I hate baths!” Bryn knew the rest of his family couldn't speak Dog. He was the only one who could understand Glyn. And he didn’t just speak Dog — he could speak Cat and Pigeon and Hamster and all kinds of other animal languages, too. Seagulls whirled above their heads, and Bryn could hear them yelling at each other to get out of the way. Then he charged through the surf to splash Dad. “Here I come!” he yelled. ","Beach detectives, pg48/2402_right.png",10
"When they were all tired out, Dad said it was time to eat. “I can’t wait to see Allis blow out the candles,” Mum said They all walked back to the picnic. “Oh no!” Mum said. “What's happened?” The picnic was a mess. Plates had tipped over. Juice was spreading in puddles. Sandwiches had fallen open","Beach detectives, pg48/2403_left.png",10
"Worst of all, Allis’s lovely birthday cake was gone! Allis burst into tears. “Who could have done this?” Dad gasped. Bryn caught Glyn’s eye. Glyn nodded. He understood. This was a mystery, and they were going to solve it","Beach detectives, pg48/2403_right.png",10
"A Footprint in the Sand Allis sobbed. Her eyes were screwed shut and tears splashed down her cheeks. “There, there,” Mum said. “Hush, hush,” Dad soothed. Bryn knew he and Glyn had to help. Could they find the cake thief and save Allis’s birthday party? They had to try.","Beach detectives, pg48/2404_left.png",10
"“We need to examine the area for clues,” Bryn said “It’s a nice thought,” Dad said, “but I think it would be better if we packed up and went home. Allis is too upset to celebrate now.” “No!” Bryn pleaded. “Glyn and I can help. I know we can. Please give us a chance.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2404_right.png",10
"Dad and Mum looked at each other. Then Dad said, “It will take a little while for us to pack everything away. You and Glyn can investigate until we're done. But then we're going home. OK?” Bryn stood, legs wide, hands on his hips. “Bryn and Glyn, Beach Detectives, are on the case. Glyn, hunt for clues.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2405_left.png",10
"Dad dropped the plates and cups back into the basket. Mum smoothed Allis’s hair, trying to stop her tears. Glyn sniffed at shells and a stray white feather, at a curl of seaweed and a stick. His tail wagged at each new scent. Then he gave an urgent bark. “Bryn! Look!”","Beach detectives, pg48/2406_left.png",10
Close book Bryn hurried over. Glyn panted eagerly. He had found something. “What is it?” Bryn asked. Glyn stepped aside so Bryn could see. In the damp sand was the perfect impression of a U-shaped footprint Bryn knew exactly what he was looking at. He felt a bubble of excitement form in his chest. “The beach donkey!” he said.,"Beach detectives, pg48/2406_right.png",10
"Chapter 3 The Silence of the Donkey Dad and Mum wiped sand off the spades and packed them away. Bryn and Glyn didn’t have long. They ran as quickly as they could across the beach, hunting their first suspect. The beach donkey! The donkey stood at the water's edge. He had his head down and his tail flicked at imaginary flies. His brown saddle was decorated with ribbons and tassels, but they looked old and faded.","Beach detectives, pg48/2407_left.png",10
"Close book As they got closer, the donkey sighed “Oh no, this one looks heavy.” “It's all tight,” Bryn said, “I don’t want a ride.” The donkey lifted his head slowly and stared at Bryn from under sleepy lashes. “Then what do you want? Leave me be, I'm very busy.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2407_right.png",10
"“You don’t look busy,” Glyn said. “I'm busy thinking,” the donkey explained. “You're interrupting.” “Can we ask you a few questions?” Bryn said. The waves hissed as they rolled over the sand. Small birds, oystercatchers and sandpipers, yelled above their heads. But the donkey was silent.","Beach detectives, pg48/2408_left.png",10
"“What do you know about a birthday cake that has disappeared from our picnic?” Bryn asked. The donkey blinked a few times and then answered slowly. “Nothing.” “I found your hoofprint near our picnic blanket!” Glyn insisted. “Where?” the donkey asked. “There.” Bryn pointed to where Mum and Dad were shaking sand out of the basket. “Oh,” the donkey drawled. “I was there this morning, when the tide was in, That's why my hoofprint is near your blanket, but I haven’t been up there for hours.” Bryn felt his excitement drain away, like air from a drooping balloon. Their clue wasn’t a clue after all. “Did you see anyone else go near our blanket?”","Beach detectives, pg48/2408_right.png",10
"The donkey dropped his head and stared down, as though the sand was suddenly really interesting. “What?” Bryn asked. “What do you know?” “I can’t say,” the donkey said. “The seagulls will be mean to me.” “Seagulls!” Glyn exclaimed. The donkey groaned. “Oh, I shouldn't have said anything","Beach detectives, pg48/2409_left.png",10
" “Were they near the picnic?” Bryn asked. “I can’t say.” “You don’t need to be scared of seagulls!” Glyn scoffed. “You haven't met these seagulls,” the donkey said. “There was a white feather by the picnic, remember?” Glyn said to Bryn. Bryn nodded. “It was a clue. We need to speak to those seagulls!”","Beach detectives, pg48/2409_right.png",10
"The Gull on the Bin There were seagulls circling in the blue sky above Bryn and Glyn, but there were many more seagulls outside the beach cafe Bryn and Glyn crossed the sand quickly, towards the little building by the dunes. Bryn could see that Mum and Dad were almost done — he was nearly out of time.","Beach detectives, pg48/2410_left.png",10
"‘The cafe was decorated with pictures of ice creams and lollies. A blackboard covered with prices leaned against the wall. Outside was a squat concrete bin. It was there that the seagulls stood, like guards on a castle tower. Bryn and Glyn slowed to a walk and then stopped.","Beach detectives, pg48/2410_right.png",10
"The biggest seagull had small yellow eyes and a sharp pointy beak. She turned her head. The other gulls followed suit. They were all staring at Bryn and Glyn now, their eyes narrow. One squawked, “Strangers!” Another added, “Trespassers!” A third cried, “Invaders!” The whole flock took up the screech. “Invaders! Invaders!”","Beach detectives, pg48/2411_left.png",10
Bryn stepped backwards. Glyn’s tail curled between his legs. “Get away from our bins!” the big seagull yelled. She hopped down from the edge of the bin on to the sandy concrete and jabbed her beak into the air angrily. Bryn rested his hand on Glyn’s warm back and took a deep breath. “Did you steal my sister's birthday cake?”,"Beach detectives, pg48/2411_right.png",10
"‘The seagulls cackled. Their laughter made Bryn tremble. His fingers gripped Glyn’s fur tighter. The big seagull laughed the loudest Then she said, “Everything on this beach is ours. We're in charge around here. We take whatever we like and no one can stop us.” Bryn swallowed hard. It felt as if there was something caught in his throat. “Does that mean you did take it?”","Beach detectives, pg48/2412_left.png",10
"Close book The big seagull howled with laughter. Then she marched closer to Bryn. “Get away!” she snapped. “Get away!” The other gulls yelled too, in an angry chorus. “Get away! Get away!” Their beaks clacked cruelly. The claws on the tips of their feet clattered as they stamped and bounced. Bryn and Glyn turned and ran","Beach detectives, pg48/2412_right.png",10
"What the Crab Saw Bryn and Glyn didn’t run back to Mum and Dad. They raced behind a rock and crouched down, out of sight of the gulls. “Are you all right?” Bryn asked Glyn. He nodded quickly. “You?” “I'm OK, but those seagulls are scary. The beach donkey was right.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2413_left.png",10
"“You don’t know the half of it,” a small voice suddenly said. Bryn looked around, but he couldn’t see who was speaking. The rock was bare, but there were some sandy pools that had been left behind by the tide. “Down here!” the voice said again.","Beach detectives, pg48/2413_right.png",10
"Bryn looked down. A small, brown crab looked up at him, its eyes on stalks. The crab gave a little wave with its claw. “Oh, hello. What do you mean?” Bryn asked, “Why don’t I know the half of it?”","Beach detectives, pg48/2414_left.png",10
"“A stray dog,” the crab replied. “She lives in a den under the cafe.” “Why don’t the beach animals stop the seagulls?” Bryn said. “I'm a crab! What can I do?” “I mean all the beach animals,” Bryn said. “You and the donkey, the rabbits and voles in the dunes. The sandpipers and oystercatchers. Everyone! You don’t know what you can do if you work together.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2415_left.png",10
"‘The crab shook his head and pulled his eyes in. It was no use. Glyn nudged Bryn’s leg. “The cake’s gone. But we should find Carys, to say thank you for trying. I’s the least we can do,” Glyn was right. Bryn gave the crab a sad look. It scuttled away.","Beach detectives, pg48/2415_right.png",10
Bryn and Glyn headed off to search for Carys’s den. They had to keep out of sight of the gulls. They kept to the shadow of the dunes and the cafe building.,"Beach detectives, pg48/2416_left.png",10
"Eventually, Bryn found what he was looking for. Some of the wooden boards that ran along the bottom of the concrete building were broken. ‘There were dog prints in the sand leading inside Bryn whispered. Glyn barked softly. “Carys “Carys","Beach detectives, pg48/2416_right.png",10
"They heard a scamper. Then a dog with black patches on her white coat wriggled our, She gave a friendly woof. “Hello. We've come to say thank you,” Bryn said. “The crab told us how brave you were, standing up to those seagulls.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2417_left.png",10
"Carys growled. “Those gulls are nothing but trouble. They think they own the beach, but they don’t. It’s meant to be for everyone.” “Yes,” Glyn said, “those seagulls are horrible.” There was a squawk behind them. Bryn and Glyn turned slowly. The big seagull was standing right behind them, and she had heard every word.","Beach detectives, pg48/2417_right.png",10
"Along Came a Seagull The big seagull was staring at Bryn and Glyn menacingly. Behind her, another seagull fluttered down from the rooftop, then another. They were like soldiers ready to do battle. Bryn felt his hands turn slippery with sweat, The seagulls’ beaks looked sharp.","Beach detectives, pg48/2418_left.png",10
"“You can’t talk about us like chat,” the big seagull said. “This is our beach.” Glyn whimpered softly. Carys growled. Bryn stood as bravely as he could manage. And then they heard the click of claws. They heard the thump of paws. They heard the clop of hooves.","Beach detectives, pg48/2418_right.png",10
"Over the dune came six crabs, five rabbits, four voles, three oystercatchers, two sandpipers and, in front of them all, one old beach donkey, with his nostrils flared “Get out of here, seagulls!” the donkey brayed. The big seagull gave a squawk of alarm.","Beach detectives, pg48/2419_left.png",10
"“Yes! Get out of here,” the animals bellowed. Bryn couldn't believe the noise! The big seagull squawked again Then she lifted her wings and shot up into the air. The other gulls rose too, like rockets, going as fast as they could. In moments, the seagulls were just dots, disappearing into the blue sky.","Beach detectives, pg48/2419_right.png",10
"“Wow!” Bryn said. “You were all amazing. Thank you!” The crab shimmied forward. “It’s us who should be thanking you. You were the one who gave me the idea. On our own, none of us could chase away the gulls. But together? Together we stood a chance.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2420_left.png",10
"“Yes!” Bryn said. “The bullies have gone. The beach is yours.” The rabbits hopped for joy. — The sandpipers trilled. The crab and the donkey began telling each other the story of the day they saved the beach,","Beach detectives, pg48/2420_right.png",10
"Bryn and Glyn strolled away from the cafe, into the sunlight. There was someone else by their side. Carys. “Are you sure I should come?” Carys asked. “Yes!” Bryn said. “Allis will wane to say thank you too. You saved her sandwiches.” Mum and Dad were ready to go. Everything was packed away. Allis was still sniffing, her cheeks streaked with tears. Then she saw Bryn, Glyn and Carys walking cowards her. “Doggy!” she said. “Allis’s doggy?” “Carys,” Carys barked. Allis’s eyes grew round in astonishment. “The doggy said her name is Carys!” she said. “Did she?” Mum laughed. “It looks like you two will be good friends.”","Beach detectives, pg48/2421_left.png",10
Bryn knew that today was going to be Allis’s best birthday ever.,"Beach detectives, pg48/2421_right.png",10
"I've got a big scab on my knee. Is it OK to pick it? Hello Emily! I wouldn't, if I were you. Your scab’s really useful. It works like a bandage, covering your cut until it heals. Here's what happens…",Burns scabs and smells pg24/312_left.png,10
"Your scab will fall off when it's ready ~ probably in a week or two. If you pick your scab, the cut will take longer to heal and you could end up with a scar. .",Burns scabs and smells pg24/312_right.png,10
Hello Dinesh! This question really gets up my nose. Bogeys are made inside your nose from slimy stuff called mucus. Mucus traps dirt and germs and stops them reaching your lungs.,Burns scabs and smells pg24/313_left.png,10
"Most of the time, mucus is clear. But it can tum green if you've got a cold. This is because it’s full of blood cells that have come to fight and kill the germs. These cells have a green colour, which TURNS YOUR BOGEYS GREEN!",Burns scabs and smells pg24/313_right.png,10
"Hi Dr Sicknote! Why do fizzy drinks always make me burp? Hello Malia! Fizzy drinks are full of gas - that's what makes them fizzy! When you swallow your drink, it goes down your oesophagus (say u-sof-u-gus) into your stomach. Some of the gas gets forced back up. It bursts out of your mouth as a burp.",Burns scabs and smells pg24/314_left.png,10
"The same thing can happen if you scoff your food too quickly. Burping is normal and natural. (Tell your parents I said so!) But it's always polite to say, ""Excuse me,” or cover your mouth with your hand. oesophagus Sick note o stomach",Burns scabs and smells pg24/314_right.png,10
"Hi Dr Sicknote. Why are my sister's farts so smelly? Hello Seth! Are you sure it's your sister? I usually blame the dog. Farts work a bit like burps. When you swallow your food, you also gulp down gassy air. As your body gets busy digesting your food, it makes more gas. All that gas has to go somewhere — some of it comes out of your bottom!",Burns scabs and smells pg24/315_left.png,10
"Some farts are loud and don’t smell. Others are silent, but super-stinky! .That's because they're full of really smelly gases. Most people fart around 14 times a day - including your sister! Food breaks down here (stomach). Gas travels through here (large intestine). Fart comes out here (anus)",Burns scabs and smells pg24/315_right.png,10
"Why Do I Have ‘Wax in My Ears? Hello Sophia! You do have wax in your ears — earwax! Earwax is squishy yellow stuff that keeps the insides of your ears clean. It traps harmful dust, dirt and germs, and stops your ears getting dry and itchy.",Burns scabs and smells pg24/316_left.png,10
"earwax ear canal There's no need to get rid of your earwax. It should fall out on its own, or when you wash. Never poke your finger (or anything else) into your ears. You could easily hurt them. And besides, you'll just push the wax deeper inside.",Burns scabs and smells pg24/316_right.png,10
"why Does Sick Have Carrots in It? Hello Sebastian! It's strange, isn't it? You get that funny feeling in your tummy and before you know it, you've thrown up your dinner. And vomit usually looks like it's full of chopped-up carrots. But these are actually bits of all different foods that have been mixed up with your stomach juices.",Burns scabs and smells pg24/317_left.png,10
"Why Am I Covered in Spots? . Hi Dr Sicknote. Help! I'm covered in spots! What's wrong with me? Hello Lien! Have you got a runny nose and a cough, too? If so, you've probably got chickenpox. Some people only get a few spots when they have chickenpox. Others get spots all over ~ even in their mouth and ears!",Burns scabs and smells pg24/318_left.png,10
"After a few days, your spots will go crusty. They will probably itch a lot. I know it’s hard but try not to scratch them. If you do, germs might get in, or the spots might leave a scar. Chickenpox is easy to spread, too, so you should stay away from school until the scabs fall off. (See, it's not all bad news!) Sick note 7",Burns scabs and smells pg24/318_right.png,10
"How Can You Stop Hiccups? Hi Dr Sicknote. I've — hiccup! — got hiccups How ~ hiccup! ~ can I make them - hiccup! - stop? Hello Isaac! Sometimes a fright helps. BOO! Did that work? If not, try drinking water from the wrong side of a glass, or holding your breath and counting to ten.",Burns scabs and smells pg24/319_left.png,10
"Hiccups happen when your diaphragm (say digh-u-fram) suddenly pulls down really hard, forcing you to suck in lots of air. To stop all that air rushing into your lungs, a flap at the top of your flap windpipe snaps shut, making a hiccuping sound! ",Burns scabs and smells pg24/319_right.png,10
"Why Do I Keep Yawning? Why do I always yawn as soon as I wake up? Hello Kiera! That's a good question! Nobody knows for sure but there are lots of ideas. Some people think that yawning is a way of helping your body wake up. When you yawn, you take in a big gulp of air. It's like a big stretch - for your lungs!",Burns scabs and smells pg24/320_left.png,10
"Close book One thing's for sure ~ yawning is contagious. Ifyou see someone yawning, I bet you start yawning, too. You just can't help it. Sometimes just thinking about yawning can set you off! lungs getting bigger as they fill with air 21",Burns scabs and smells pg24/320_right.png,10
"Close book Your hairs stand on end Here's how goose bumps happen: because they're trying to keep you warm. This doesn’t work very well, though, because you're not hairy enough! Goose bumps were more useful long ago, when humans were much hairier. Sick note Bs",Burns scabs and smells pg24/321_right.png,10
"What is the story about? In the summer holidays Roz wants to go to Clown School because she thinks it will be fun, but she finds the teacher is unsmling and strict, and she cant do the clown ticks properly. While in the park, she trips up a strange man wither big clown shoes, and then does all the ticks from Clown School accidentally resulting in to burglars being captured by the police. Mr Bozo, the teacher, sees all this happen, and congratulates Roz on doing the tricks well. But Roz has decided she would rather be a policewoman than a clown, and she throws a custard pie at him. At last Mr Bozo laughs.",Clown school pg24/1052_left.png,10
"The summer holidays were approaching and Roz wanted to do something special. “Perhaps you could join a football team?” said Dad. “Or take dance lessons?” suggested Mum. “No thanks,” said Roz. “I want to go to Clown School.” Mum and Dad read the leaflet all about the summer school. PLEASE “It looks like lots of fun!” said Roz as persuasively as she could. ‘Mum and Dad talked it over. “Well... OK,” they said at last. Roz jumped up and punched the air. “Yes!”",Clown school pg24/1053_left.png,10
"Clown School started the next week. Roz was excited as she marched into the room. The other people all looked much older, but she didn't mind. She hurried to a table at the front and sat there eagerly waiting for the first lesson to begin. The door opened and a tall clown came into the room.",Clown school pg24/1053_right.png,10
"“My name is Mr Bozo,” he announced in a deep, serious voice. “I will be your teacher.” A big smile was painted on the teacher's face, but under it his mouth was grim and as straight as an iron rod. “Learning to be a clown is not all fun and games,” he said. “I expect you all to work very hard and study a lot.” “Oh dear,” thought Roz nervously. “This isn't what l expected. I'm here to have fun!”",Clown school pg24/1054_left.png,10
"In the first lesson, Mr Bozo handed out red noses to everyone in the class. “A clown is not a proper clown without a red nose,” he declared. “Put this on and do not lose it!” Roz put on her red nose, but it felt tight. Very tight... It stayed on for about two seconds before popping off. It shot forward and hit Mr Bozo in the eye. “That's not funny,” growled the teacher.",Clown school pg24/1054_right.png,10
"In the following lesson, Mr Bozo showed them the re