On a clear and sunny morning in September, a twelve-year-old girl named Alice Mayfair stood on the corner of Eighty-Ninth Street and Fifth Avenue in New York City and tried to disappear.

Vanishing was Alice’s special talent. Some girls were good at math, and some were good at sports or drama or singing. Alice was good at making herself go away.

She was tall, so she slumped, curving her spine into the shape of a C, tucking her chin into her chest. She was wide, so she pulled her shoulders close together and hunched forward, with her gaze focused on the ground. Her hands, big and thick as ham steaks with fingers, were always jammed in her pockets. Her big feet were pressed so closely together that a casual observer might think she had a single large foot instead of two regular ones.

Her hair was the one thing she couldn’t subdue. Reddish-blond, thick, and unruly, Alice’s hair refused to behave, no matter how tightly she braided it or how many elastic bands she used to keep it in place. Living with The Mane, as she called it, was like having a three-year-old on top of her head, a little kid who refused to listen or be good no matter what bribes she offered or what punishments she put in place.

“Behave,” she would whisper each morning, working styling cream through the thicket, combing it carefully and plaiting it into two thick braids that fell to the middle of her back. The Mane would look fine when she left for school, but by the time she arrived at her first class, there’d be stray curls sneaking out of the elastic bands and making their way to freedom at the back of her neck and the crown of her head. By lunchtime one or both of the elastic bands would have snapped and the Mane would be a frenzy of tangled curls, foaming and frothing its way down to her waist like it was trying to climb off her body and make a break for freedom. Sometimes, in desperation, she’d tuck her hair underneath her shirt, and she’d spend the rest of the day with its springy, ticklish weight against her back.

It always felt, somehow, like the Mane was laughing at her, whispering that there were better things to do than sit in a classroom learning how to diagram sentences or do long division; that there was a big world out there and that, somewhere in that world, Alice could be happy. Or that she could at least meet a girl who liked her, which was Alice’s fondest wish. In seven different schools, over seven entire years, Alice had failed to make even a single friend.